add docs for transferring app ownership (#837)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/troubleshooting/transferring-your-app.mdx

---
title: Issues with transferring the ownership of your application

> description: A guide covering some of the edge cases when transferring your application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to transfer ownership of your Clerk application
```
I think this makes it a little clearer what this page is about for someone just reading the description in an SEO card for example

---

> # Transferring ownership of your application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Transfer ownership of your application
```

We don't use the "ing" version of verbs in headings

> To transfer your application, head to the [Settings view](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=settings) within the Clerk Dashboard and select `Transfer Ownership`. From here you can transfer an application to your "Personal Account" or any Organization where you are an admin. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To transfer your application:
1. Navigate to the [Settings view](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=settings) within the Clerk Dashboard.
1. Select **Transfer Ownership**. From here you can transfer an application to your "Personal Account" or any Organization where you are an admin.
```

> ## Transferring to an Org that does not have any billing methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Transfer to an org without payment methods
```

Based on [this error](https://docs-preview-837.clerkpreview.com/docs/errors/application#cannot-transfer-to-account-without-payment-method), I think we call it a payment method rather than a billing method, correct? 

If not, you can ignore that part, but we should drop the "ing" in "Transferring", and I think my simplification of the heading makes it take up less space in the ToC
